# HousePricePrediction
Modeling the Housing Price Forecasting System and Providing Buying Advisory Services: An Econometric Approach
House prices are important indicators of housing market stability. Predicting home price changes can help to understand the real estate market, which is why homeowners, real estate developers, and the government always pay close attention to the home price trend. Predicting home prices not only helps the government in regulating the housing market, but it also helps housing developers make the right decisions in their investment. Housing investor decisions largely depend on future home price forecasts. In this study, we intend to model and predict housing prices in the Boston States using data from the Kegel site from 1990 to 2010. For this purpose, we have used a variety of regression models including linear regression and more advanced regressions such as Lasso and Ridge, which is one of the most widely used methods in econometric modeling and forecasting. Also, by selecting and considering the effective factors using data mining methods, we have selected the best-proposed model, which was the Lasso model with Dropna and stepwise approach, with 91% accuracy on training data and 86% on test data. Besides, various regression tests have been neglected on the model to achieve the best possible result and the least possible error. Finally, we propose a recommended system that can be made based on similar featuresto offer the best budget housing and on-demand features.
